Big corrections
mc simul chapter
Higgs matching, elaborate on the Higgs selection, and add plots with comparison
understand CLs scan
add to intro other activities

Plots:
QCD in linear scale
CLs scan (maybe)
Add arrow to pmt response scan
More plots for choice of Higgs matching

Cose da chiedere ad aurelio sulla tesi:
come gestire il reset degli acronimi - ad ogni capitolo? 
maiuscole negli acronimi 
data mc: miei senza sistematiche vs HF con sistematiche 
comparison plots in systematic section: scale to unity and show the shape or not
perche’ b-quark ma W boson (niente trattino)
and after comma in list (in Italian there would be no comma)

Altre cosette 
comma before “and” in list
spazi non sistemati in < 
Higgs boson denoted as h and not H
quando mettere le maiuscole negli acronimi 
- dopo re, e.g. re-built?
togliere il numero a tutte le eq non citate

Misteri della teoria
Why neutrino masses do not derive from Higgs mechanism?
--> masse terms mix left and right firlds and neutrinos are only left

Misteri sull’analisi
why don’t we consider Gtt models with oaf-shell stops like SS?

Misteri della statistica 
How to decide how many toys to use for upper limit scan? 

Cose da controllare:
non ho messo da nessuna parte le incertezze sul segnale 
perche’ higgsino-like LSP favorisce una differenza di massa piccola tra chi1_0 e chi1_+
add plot with signal cross section 
difference between GGM and GMSB
perche’ in generale nessuno si fila gli sneutrini? 
EWK: perche’ i segnali con bassa massa hanno una distribuzione del numero di getti che picca a valori più alti? E’ perché’ sono ISR events? Fare plot di correlazione tra numero di getti e MET, tra MET e dphi-j1-met for signal events without preselections 

Paper: gauge mediation at the LHC - not understood:
how do I go from 100+ param in the MSSM to 8 param in GGM?
“motivated by the higgs mass, we restrict ourselves to the regime with tanBeta>10“ —> res between tanBeta and Higgs mass?
why in GGM At=0 at messenger scale? 
page 12: why can’t the NLSP be a chargino? 
why charged NLSP —> pair of highly ionising tracks —> background free? 
Figure 3: why doesn’t it consider low messanger mass and mu<0?
also in the case of wino LSP there is one charged state and one neutral one close in mass? why do we always say that this is common in the case of higgsino LSP (for the gluino analysis)? 

Paper: gauge mediation at the LHC: main messages:
GMSB in general doesn’t like light stops 
From the experimental point of view neutralino1 LSP o neutralino1 NLSP con gravitino LSP ma NLSP long-lived sono identiche 
