Misteri della teoria
Why neutrino masses do not derive from Higgs mechanism?
--> masse terms mix left and right firlds and neutrinos are only left

If the running of alpha-s depends on the number of active quarks, why don't we see jumps in the distribution?

Why in VLQ do I need quarks where both the left and right component have the same transformation under SU(2)? 
This way I can put arbitrary mass terms that don't break the SU(2) invariance, but this could have been done anyway?
Why for quarks and leptons I could put mass terms without the Higgs mechanism?

Sign and factors 2 in the coveriant derivative for SU(2)xU(1) 

Se vogliamo piu' CP violation, perche' nel pMSSM mettiamo a zero le cose che fanno venire CP violation?


Misteri sull’analisi
why don’t we consider Gtt models with oaf-shell stops like SS?

Misteri della statistica 
How to decide how many toys to use for upper limit scan? 

Cose da controllare:
non ho messo da nessuna parte le incertezze sul segnale 
perche’ higgsino-like LSP favorisce una differenza di massa piccola tra chi1_0 e chi1_+
add plot with signal cross section 
difference between GGM and GMSB
perche’ in generale nessuno si fila gli sneutrini? 
EWK: perche’ i segnali con bassa massa hanno una distribuzione del numero di getti che picca a valori più alti? E’ perché’ sono ISR events? Fare plot di correlazione tra numero di getti e MET, tra MET e dphi-j1-met for signal events without preselections 

Paper: gauge mediation at the LHC - not understood:
how do I go from 100+ param in the MSSM to 8 param in GGM?
“motivated by the higgs mass, we restrict ourselves to the regime with tanBeta>10“ —> res between tanBeta and Higgs mass?
why in GGM At=0 at messenger scale? 
page 12: why can’t the NLSP be a chargino? 
why charged NLSP —> pair of highly ionising tracks —> background free? 
Figure 3: why doesn’t it consider low messanger mass and mu<0?
also in the case of wino LSP there is one charged state and one neutral one close in mass? why do we always say that this is common in the case of higgsino LSP (for the gluino analysis)? 

Paper: gauge mediation at the LHC: main messages:
GMSB in general doesn’t like light stops 
From the experimental point of view neutralino1 LSP o neutralino1 NLSP con gravitino LSP ma NLSP long-lived sono identiche 
